---
layout: post
location: "The Forge"
map: "https://www.google.com/maps/dir/''/the+forge+des+moines/data=!4m5!4m4!1m0!1m2!1m1!1s0x87ee991d8dca415f:0x84112296254b6c27?sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjZyL6P2MrRAhVk7IMKHbjFA6wQ9RcIeDAL"
topic: "Amazon's Chalice project"
speaker: Jesse Horne
sponsor:
  name: Pillar Technology
  link: http://pillartechnology.com/
---

[Please RSVP here if you plan to attend](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/pyowa-aws-chalice-tickets-31644725225)

Hello everyone, we're back! It has been a long long long while but we have a new location, some new sponsors and some new people involved.

### Our Presenter

My name is Jesse Horne. I'm a developer at Pioneer. I was born and raised in Macon, Georgia. My first trip out of state was my first development job in a small town in Wyoming, called Afton. The load was heavy and I wasn't qualified... but we managed. Soon after, I accepted the position as a contractor at Pioneer, and have been here for around 6 months. In my spare time I'm an activist/organizer who focuses on working class and environmental issues.

I will be talking about Amazon's Chalice project, an open-source microframework designed for creating python API's that easily deploy to AWS API Gateway and AWS Lambda. I will be talking about what it is, why we chose to use it over the other alternatives, and will build a small example application with it live.

### Our Sponsor

We work with a variety of clients primarily in the Des Moines, Ann Arbor and Columbus regions. We are excited to help the growth of Software Craftsmanship in the Des Moines area. If you would like to join us in disrupting various industries and solving complex business problems, please contact us.

### Our Location

The Forge is located at 1420 Locust above Magnolia Wine Kitchen, and across from the Sculpture Park. Enter through the door on the parking lot side of the building, next to Magnolia Wine Kitchen's outdoor patio. Once inside head up the stairs. Street parking on Locust is free after 6pm.


Thanks to Pillar for providing pizza and drinks!
